copyedits to prep for platform migration (#281)
Qiskit/qiskit-fermions: docs/guides/sqdrift.rst

Next steps
^^^^^^^^^^

> Having generated an ensemble of circuits, we can sample

Author: ```suggestion
Now that we have successfully generated an ensemble of circuits, we can sample
```
